get him to be quiet long enough to do
this so I'm gonna try to hurry over here
wrap your lips around the chalk a little
bit for your protection chin up I may
have a lot of fun with the CEO of the
Billy Congress of America Rob Johnson
back to the mat let's take a look at
highlights from racks four and five Oh
Anna the major major mistake here
scratch on the break wide open table
Josh team takes advantage and then rack
number five counting actually returns
the favor
very similar break scratches straight in
the side pocket and from there Anna said
thank you very much she ran a great out
there and that gets this four to three
games to two so we have talked about
what a big part the break would play in
this match that has certainly proven to
be the case pretty rare that you see
back to back scratches watch out a cue
ball moving again toward the corner well
that was a near-perfect break she
stopped the cue ball right in the center
it got knocked to the other side of the
table but no problem she makes the three
and the seven open shot at the one ball
here Mitch she really needs to take
advantage here I'm gonna draw this you
see she's cueing very low just gonna
kind of kill the cue ball here keep it
down for the two very well done when you
cue the cue ball that low you can hit it
a little bit firmer and have a easier
way to get a straight stroke and still
have the cue ball roll full roll forward
by time it hits the object ball so even
though she's cueing low she wasn't
drawing the cue ball back she was just
killing the cue ball right there holding
it for the two ball and she has a
perfect angle here to get up for the
four
oh she didn't hit it
all right so she'll have to come with a
new game plan here obviously she wanted
to come around to Rails and come out for
it a little bit more but now he's just
gonna take a much more of a severe cut
on the four ball in the opposite corner
pocket
tricky little shot here real pressure
shot Mitch I don't think she has going
for here as the five is wide open
she paid for being out of position on
the floor as often happens let's see
what child ting can do with this lead
though well and I did get a little bit
lucky there I think child T might be
able to hit the floor but it's not a
very makable shot just gonna have to
play a safety ash can't even hit is just
queuing this allo right coming to rails
to hit it and she just tried to really
create something get a little lucky
there by hitting it as hard as she did
what an opportunity for Anna to be able
to get back in after that mistake on the
floor we mentioned that this is the
farthest Anna has gotten a very
pressure-packed time for her first time
on TV major championship she is within
one rack of shouting pan well she works
her way through this rack let's get a
thought for mark.wilson down on the
floor here in the tournament arena we
have a big match and there's a lot of
pressure we're kind of wondering Oh
Anna's playing style hold up under the
TV lights I believe that they're
easygoing nature hold up well how do you
feel about that Eva oh I definitely
agree mark there's no question about it
Anna's already proven that she can
handle the big-time pressure even by the
wind of getting into this TV match by
beating Allison Fischer a lot of top
players failed to do that time and time
again you see Allison winning close
matches 9 8 9 8 9 8 trying to get into
the spot because you know playing well
against the top player one thing winning
those big matches another and she's
already proven she can do that and even
with the tech TV lights and all this
pressure I think Anna has already proven
but I think she will continue to prove
herself doing well not just in this
match in this tournament that over the
next couple of years a neighbor we see
her reaction to this shape on the 8th
after making the 6 very unhappy well
this is pretty much the last place you
want to be she's almost straight in but
not quite the cueball the path of the
cueball the natural path is right into
the nine so what you want to have is you
want to be able to get on each either
side of the nine now she's gonna have to
possibly hope we get lucky bump the nine
and hope to get a shot and she did could
you could just as well get a little
unlucky there and land right on top of
it still a very difficult cut here it is
it's not the straight in shot you want
on the nine tricky she's gotta get let
the cue ball go here really pay
attention that she does if she makes it
that she doesn't scratch somewhere keep
your head down
will she hit that quickly and she all
she over cut it you have a very big
mistake that would have tied this match
up at three racks apiece and instead
shouting pan with this shot on the 9
nothing really for her but huge in the
scheme of things a to Rack lead now for
shouting pen trying to get to the finals
in Charlotte
history a big part of the Charlotte
North Carolina area right outside this
great city brattonsville fantastic
Heritage Museum lot to see and do and
speaking of history let's find out a
little more about the history of the
game the generation cool.com 9-ball
Championship
brought to you by Generation poll calm I
think the first difference with our
generation and the generation today is
obviously prize money there's actually
prize money to be won there are
sponsorships